you have given a set of lectures on n as
part of the new Peterson Academy and the
lectures were powerful there's some
element of the contradictions the
tensions the drama the way you like lock
in on an idea but then are struggling
with that idea all of that that feels
like it's a it's a nichan yeah well he
has a big influence on me stylistically
and like in terms of the way I approach
writing and also many of the people that
were other influences of mine were very
influenced by him so I was blown away
when I first came across his writings
they're so uh intellectually dense that
I don't know if there's anything that
approximates that it's really something
[Music]